[Music]
yes
very good what a time and dear
lovers of the heart I hope you are already
enjoying the weekend
that you can already smell no, you can already feel it is
very close and well here I am to
bring you the heart of always of
course do not forget to subscribe to the
channel give me your subscription it
is absolutely free you just
have to press the button so
come on son your hand hurts it seems
that everything is in the hand that there are many
people who watch the videos and do not
give it besides what I am going to tell you today is
quite powerful and quite curious and
watch out watch out little is known little is known
if not to say nothing about the project that
Carlota Corredera was working on
together with perhaps perhaps with
her husband you know that Carlota
Corredera was removed from Sálvame
alleging that she alone on her own was going to
produce something new
well we have been left waiting there are
people who found out through there that she had
created or would have created a company
it seems that with her husband it
was not registered as in a
chalet or in a house  I don't remember that company
but I remember that there was
a lot of talk on social media, maybe in the end what
happened to that company or what it is
dedicated to the only thing I know is that it was
rumored a lot on social media that they even
discovered that it was domiciled like
a house or a chalet now they are
good it doesn't have much to do with it but the
point is that at the moment she is not
announcing anything new nor is it expected and
apart from that she doesn't have a very good image
people are a little scandalized because on
her instagram account she has started
selling clothes, that is to say the clothes that she no longer
uses from her wardrobe she is selling them
like on an application to sell
second hand clothes but be careful that she is in
need it is simply a
charity apparently the clothes and the money
that she earns with the clothes goes
to associations that help women
who suffer gender violence
I imagine that it will be an
advertising campaign because it doesn't make much
sense for her to start selling clothes, she is not
a person like that with this type of
work and this power, they are not the most
logical thing is that you donate the clothes, I do not
start selling clothes, no, I that should
stay with people and give them clothes or  be
them when I have something left over from what I did
in this container to donate it to
people so that most of it
can be used and that's it but well
she says that she's going to sell her
second hand clothes the clothes in her closet I don't know
if I don't know if they will really be clothes that is
a hand or does it redirect you to the
stores because it could be an
advertising campaign in which the
application itself redirects you to the store so
that you can dress like Carlota
Corredera listen that is done there are not
many applications like twenty one button
for example that are dedicated to that but
well I wanted to clarify this because there are a
lot of people here yes they are putting
the queue for Caritas that wouldn't be a problem okay there is no need to
be ashamed of
anything in life it wouldn't be bad at all but
there are a lot of people who are putting it
like my face is going or to the
Red Cross because they need something to eat not
an advertising campaign and also it would be
destined for a charity yes it
's true that man that we don't know
anything yet about the projects that she has it
's that I don't see her facing the public
right now the truth is her image is in
decline no  The next thing is that people
don't want her on screen, people have
even gotten a bit of aversion to
watching her on television and any
program where she could be in front
of the screen because that's what she
also tells me that she created the production company to
create programs and she's going to be behind it,
well in the end it would always have a
bit of her touch if she directs but it's not the
same as seeing her on screen, I mean I
think seeing her on screen
would be a ratings ruiner but well
for now I'm telling you no one is telling her the
wait, she's not there and there's no news or anything
so we'll see what happens
with this what you think families
will be reading in the comments box i